README.md, before:

# FediExpress
This game was made for the [FediJam](https://itch.io/jam/fedi-jam). This time, I tried to create as many of the assets as possible myself.

# Gameplay
The fediverse servers are clouds in the sky. Use your helicopter to fly from Server to server. There you can leave the vehicle and walk to the accounts to take and bring messages from and to them.

# Credits
## Music
- [Coniferous forest](https://pixabay.com/music/acoustic-group-coniferous-forest-142569/) by [orangery](https://pixabay.com/users/orangery-34071953/) from [Pixabay](https://pixabay.com/music/)
- [My Life (Main)](https://pixabay.com/music/acoustic-group-my-life-main-6670/) by [Zakhar Valaha](https://pixabay.com/users/good_b_music-22836301/) from [Pixabay](https://pixabay.com/music/)
- [Just Relax](https://pixabay.com/music/beautiful-plays-just-relax-11157/) by [Oleksii Kaplunskyi](https://pixabay.com/users/lesfm-22579021/) from [Pixabay](https://pixabay.com/music/)
- [Forest Lullaby](https://pixabay.com/music/acoustic-group-forest-lullaby-110624/) by [music_for_video](https://pixabay.com/users/music_for_video-22579021/) from [Pixabay](https://pixabay.com/music/)
- [Leva - Eternity](https://pixabay.com/music/acoustic-group-leva-eternity-149473/) by [Vitaliy Levkin](https://pixabay.com/users/lemonmusicstudio-14942887/) from [Pixabay](https://pixabay.com/music/)
- [Summer Walk](https://pixabay.com/music/acoustic-group-summer-walk-152722/) by [Olexy](https://pixabay.com/users/olexy-25300778/) from [Pixabay](https://pixabay.com/music/)

## Tools used
Made with [Godot Engine](https://godotengine.org/), [Pixelorama](https://orama-interactive.itch.io/pixelorama) and [Audacity](https://www.audacityteam.org/)

Commit message:

Added license and removed music

README.md, after:

# FediExpress
This game was made for the [FediJam](https://itch.io/jam/fedi-jam). This time, I tried to create as many of the assets as possible myself.

# Gameplay
The fediverse servers are clouds in the sky. Use your helicopter to fly from Server to server. There you can leave the vehicle and walk to the accounts to take and bring messages from and to them.

# Music
Due to licensing concerns I removed the music from this project. You can download the tracks I originally used here:
- [Coniferous forest](https://pixabay.com/music/acoustic-group-coniferous-forest-142569/) by [orangery](https://pixabay.com/users/orangery-34071953/) from [Pixabay](https://pixabay.com/music/)
- [My Life (Main)](https://pixabay.com/music/acoustic-group-my-life-main-6670/) by [Zakhar Valaha](https://pixabay.com/users/good_b_music-22836301/) from [Pixabay](https://pixabay.com/music/)
- [Just Relax](https://pixabay.com/music/beautiful-plays-just-relax-11157/) by [Oleksii Kaplunskyi](https://pixabay.com/users/lesfm-22579021/) from [Pixabay](https://pixabay.com/music/)
- [Forest Lullaby](https://pixabay.com/music/acoustic-group-forest-lullaby-110624/) by [music_for_video](https://pixabay.com/users/music_for_video-22579021/) from [Pixabay](https://pixabay.com/music/)
- [Leva - Eternity](https://pixabay.com/music/acoustic-group-leva-eternity-149473/) by [Vitaliy Levkin](https://pixabay.com/users/lemonmusicstudio-14942887/) from [Pixabay](https://pixabay.com/music/)
- [Summer Walk](https://pixabay.com/music/acoustic-group-summer-walk-152722/) by [Olexy](https://pixabay.com/users/olexy-25300778/) from [Pixabay](https://pixabay.com/music/)

Add them to the folder /Audio/Music and correct the file paths in /Audio/music_player.gd.

# Tools used
Made with [Godot Engine](https://godotengine.org/), [Pixelorama](https://orama-interactive.itch.io/pixelorama) and [Audacity](https://www.audacityteam.org/)
